We are going to buy a dress.
Please let's take a look at the self-healing selection.
I'm so busy, what's your attitude?
This gentleman thinks our attitude is not good, so he goes to the opposite house to have a look.
Our family takes the high-end luxury route
You can't afford it
The discount on the opposite house is very suitable for you.
Just your dog-eyed attitude of looking down on people
I will not buy clothes at your house.
Love to buy or not
Can you afford it, you hillbillies?
If you two don't dislike it
I can help you choose a household.
Well, birds of a feather flock together.
What kind of shopping guide brings what kind of customers?
Lower the grade of our store
What price clothes do you want to choose?
Look at how poor they are
What other price could it be?
Of course, the lowest-priced junk.
Help me choose the cheapest one.
Yes, sir. Please follow me.
Sir, this dress is only 3,000 yuan.
Do you want to pack it for you?
Don't put it back
I can't even afford the cheapest clothes
Poor is poor
Except for this dress
Wrap all the clothes in your store for me